Steps in project:

Requirement Gathering/ Business Requirements

Data walkethrough

Data Connection 

Data Cleaning 

Data Modeling

Data Proccesing

DAX Calculations

Dashbord Lay Out

Charts Development and Formatting

Dashboard / Report Development

Insights Generation


Requirements:

To conduct a comprehensive analysis of Blinkit's sales performence, Customer satisfaction, and inventory distribution to identify key insights and oppertunities for optimization using various KPIs and visualization in Power BI.

KPI's Requirements:

1. Total Sales: Theoverall revenue generated from all items sold.
2. Average Sales: The average revenue per sale.
3. Number of Items: The total count of different items sold.
4. Average Rating: The average customer rating for the items sold.

Char's Requirements:

1.Total sales by fat content:
	Objective: Analyze impact of fat content on total sales.
	Additional KPL Metrics: Assess how other KPIs (Average Sales, Number of Items, Average Rating) vary with fat content.
	Chat Type: Donut Chart.

2.Total content by outlet for total sales
	Objective: Identify the performence of different item types of total sales.
	Additional KPL Metrics: Assess how other KPIs (Average Sales, Number of Items, Average Rating) vary with fat content.
	Chat Type: Bar Char

3.Fat content by outlet for total sales sales across different outlet segme:
	Objective: Compare total sales across different outlet segment by fat content.
	Additional KPL Metrics: Assess how other KPIs (Average Sales, Number of Items, Average Rating) vary with fat content.
	Chat Type: stacked columan chart.

4.Total sales by outlet establishment:
	Objective: Evalate how the age or type of outlet establisment influences total sales.
	Chat Type: Line Chart

5.Sales by outlet size:
	Objective: Analyze the correlation between outlet size and total sales.
	Chart Type: Donut/ pie chart

6. sales by outlet Location:
	Objective: Assess the gregraphic distribution of sales across different locations.
	Chart Types: Funnel Map.

7.All metrics by outlet type:
	Objective: Provide a comprehensive view of all key metrics(Total Sales, Average Sales, Number of Items, Average Rating)
	broken down by different outlet types.
	Chart Types: Matrix Card.




